No one told me
that love could hurt so much.
That it was like a rose.
If you endure the thorns.
you get to the flower.
BASED ON THE WATTPAD NOVEL BOULEVARD
WRITTEN BY FLOR M. SALVADOR
Good morning.
Today is your first day of high school.
I hope you have a great day. sweetie.
I'm sure you'll love it
and make tons of new friends.
I'm already at the hospital.
so. wish me luck. okay?
Kisses. sweetie. Mwah. I love you.
Sorry. where's the classroom
for second year?
-That door over there.
-Thanks.
Sorry. I'm late.
And you are?
Idiot.
-One of the most brilliant periods of our…
-Hi.
Sorry. I'm new here and…
You're late.
Hasley… Weigel?
Weigel.
-My dad's German.
-Okay.
Sir…
Latecomers aren't allowed in my class.
Seriously?
As I was saying.
this year we'll begin with the Golden Age.
You're a jerk.
-They kicked me out.
-Technically. they didn't.
Because they would've had
to let you in first.
And why are you sitting here
smoking joints?
Trying to look cool?
-Want some?
-Gross.
What's that?
Shit.
It's toothpaste. okay?
You're funny…
Hasley.
Weigel. Hasley Weigel.
My dad's German. Happy?
"Hasley Weigel."
Just Hasley.
What's your name?
Hasley.
-You're Hasley. right?
-Yeah.
Cool. I'm Olivia. Call me Oli.
-From class?
-Yeah.
Listen. that really sucked earlier.
Don't worry. he's the worst of them all.
The rest aren't so bad.
-Just a little bit.
We're outside on the stairs
having something to drink.
Would you like to join us?
-Can I?
-Yeah.
Okay. I'll grab something first.
Great. See you in a bit.
Hasley.
Okay. people. I'll do the introductions.
This is Hasley.
-That's Dylan.
-Hey.
-Zev.
-Hello.
Neizan and Carla.
-Hi.
How's it going?
Hey. Oli. who's that blond guy?
Him?
That's Luke Howland.
He's a loser.
You'd better stay away from him.
-Why?
-He's not right in the head.
He's a weirdo who loses his temper.
-You guys are mean.
-What?
-What are you guys talking about?
-Hey. about the junkie.
-Ah. Luke.
-Super.
Hi. I'm Matt.
Nice to meet you.
Hasley.
Hasley?
What a pretty name. You're new. right?
You still have time to run away.
Ignore him.
That's going to be difficult.
My mom is the new psychologist.
-At school?
-Shit.
And at the hospital too.
Your mom's the school shrink?
Why would you say that? Are you dumb?
-Sorry. Don't be such a thin-skinned wimp.
-What did you say?
They're nice. I promise.
If they bother you. call me.
And if they don't. call me anyway.
Time to go back to the cage.
We have practice this weekend.
Are you guys coming?
Yeah. sure.
And you can come too
so we can catch you up on everything.
Yeah. okay.
Don't let me down. Hasley.
Okay. Romeo.
See you later.
What do you think? Cool. right?
So. what's wrong with this Luke guy?
-Everything's wrong with him.
-Since his brother killed himself.
-He's crazy. Always causing trouble.
-Come on. Carla.
What? She should know
so she doesn't go near him. right?
Sweetie.
if you're thinking of running away.
write me a note
without spelling mistakes. please.
Good night.
I love you.
Shit.
…thirty-five in Seville
at the Palacio de Dueñas.
which was rented out
to several families living there.
When he was eight…
DREAMS
Weigel.
Shouldn't you be in class?
You're correct. Luke Howland.
I didn't feel like going.
So you know my name.
Getting high so early?
It relieves my stress.
"Sleep under the stars."
"Travel to Paris."
"Make a trip in a hippie van…"
Hey.
"Plant a tree."
"Dance in public
without caring about anything."
"Light fireworks."
Enough. That's private.
What is it? A bucket list or something?
You're dying.
They're dreams.
A bit weird. though.
It's clear you've never had to live
constantly on the move.
Well. just so you know. I envy you.
Having dreams and stuff.
That's not for me.
After all.
dreams are shattered in the end.
No. I disagree.
They give me hope. Like…
Like there's something else to live for.
In other words. made-up goals
to give meaning to a shitty life. right?
What's the point of living a life
based on lies?
They're only lies
if you don't fulfill them.
And simmer down. you must have dreams too.
Well. right now
I'm thinking of having a pot brownie
to get me through the morning.
-Sure. that's all you think about. right?
-No.
I also think about
swimming with dolphins. for example.
Jumping off a cliff.
Driving with no destination.
And traveling to Amsterdam. That too.
To eat brownies. right?
Right.
Hey. is that the dispersion of light
on your T-shirt?
You're joking.
You don't know Pink Floyd?
Yeah. that name rings a bell.
How could it not? It's one of the best
rock bands in history.
Radiohead.
The Offspring. The Doors.
I mean. I'm sure I've listened to them
at some point.
Not even Green Day?
Okay. enough. Spare my life.
I'll just get my phone out and…
What? No. stop.
If it's your first time.
you have to do it right.
And how do you do that?
On vinyl.
How old are you. 80?
You clearly need me to show you
how great music was born.
You're a freak.
Want a toke?
Sometimes it's good to break the rules.
I will not put that joint in my mouth.
Hey. you two. What are you doing?
Stand up.
To the principal's office. now.
-It's mine.
-I said now.
I don't even know her.
You. go to the principal's office.
And you. go to class.
Well. I skipped class
almost involuntarily.
I mean it. I was late again.
and since that guy wasn't going
to let me in. well. that was that.
Yeah. "almost" involuntary.
You've got some nerve.
Don't worry. okay?
You'll get used to the schedule.
Hasley. are you doing anything later?
No. why?
Want to grab a drink?
Yeah. sure.
Perfect. See you later. then.
Okay. take your seats.
Matt. what are you doing here?
Get back to your class. you're late.
For a good reason.
How are you doing
with the move and everything?
Well. I don't usually
get around to unpacking the boxes.
How come?
We're usually on the move again
before I can get to it.
I've lived here all my life.
but I travel with the team.
Basketball. right?
The team captain. no less.
And what's life like here?
Well. you know.
life can be hell in a small town.
Don't worry.
I'll make sure it's paradise for you.
I'm very flattered.
To new beginnings.
Thanks for walking me home.
My pleasure. That way I got to spend
a little more time with you.
We're here.
I had a good time today. Has.
Me too.
That was a thousand times better
than I'd imagined.
Hasley. sweetie.
Mom. what's up?
This is Matt. We go to school together.
He was walking me home.
Mom. Matt. Matt. Mom.
-Pleased to meet you.
-Likewise.
Are you staying for dinner. Matt?
I'd love to. but I have to get going.
I was just walking her home.
Well. see you tomorrow. Has.
He's handsome. isn't he?
Mom. stop.
Come on. last lap.
What are you doing?
You're going to come last because of me.
Relax. I'm fine here.
Okay. we're done.
Okay. everyone. go shower.
Come on. bro. spill it. We want details.
I'm not telling you anything.
You know I'm a gentleman.
Yes. that's why you came last in the race.
to help Hasley. Right. "gentleman"?
-Exactly.
-Bro. don't be like that. Tell us.
You're not gonna tell us. are you. Romeo?
Come on. gentleman. He's in love.
-What time do we have to be there?
-Any time after 6:00.
-You can arrive whenever you want.
-Okay. Good time.
Does she know about the party?
I'm at home alone.
if you want to come over.
Okay. Thanks.
Matt's coming too.
How was yesterday? Tell us.
It was good.
We went out for a drink and he insisted
I go to his basketball practice.
They're obsessed with that.
Yeah. Then he walked me home and…
-And he kissed me.
-What?
Yeah.
-You don't waste time. do you?
-Neither does he.
You go. girl. You just say yes.
I really want to party!
-But now. I have Physics class.
-What a drag.
Hi.
Okay. Take your seats.
What are you doing here?
Find another chair. go on.
You're going to remind everyone I exist.
Can you lower the blinds?
Let's continue on the topic of optics.
Light can bounce. just like a ball
that bounces off the ground.
Luke.
Weigel.
What are you drawing?
You're not wearing a stained shirt today.
How old are you?
Nineteen.
Seriously?
Be quiet. please.
Thank you.
That's why we see our reflection.
Because the light comes back to us
with our image.
Let's move to the next slide.
Diffuse reflection.
Light is reflected in multiple directions
due to irregularities in the surface.
GOSSIP
Welcome.
Your house is so beautiful.
Yeah right. It's not mine.
it's my parents'. I'm not that tacky.
Have fun.
Hey. bro!
-I brought you a little gift. dude.
-You're late. bro.
Come on. Let's drink.
-Shit. Okay. okay.
-Come on!
My goodness!
Shut up. I still freeze when he does that.
You'll get over it.
What's going on here?
-Hi!
-Sorry. I'm a little busy.
-See you in a bit.
-No worries.
-Did she invite half the school or what?
-Yeah. it sure looks like it.
Where the hell does this thing go?
-Put the music back on!
-Sorry.
-Hi. Can I help?
-Please.
My buddy left me here alone.
I stepped on the cables
and messed things up.
So you snuck in and you cut the music.
Do you think that's nice?
Hey. my buddy goes to your school. okay?
And I. well…
Well?
-Hi.
Look. this goes here…
-Dude.
-What's wrong with you?
-Can we talk?
-No. I have nothing to say to you.
Look. and this one goes here.
Done.
Damn! You're pretty good at this.
Yeah. I like DJing. so I have to know
about gadgets and cables.
Right.
I'm Olivia.
André.
And that's Hasley.
Hello. You guys want something to drink?
No. we're okay. right?
Yeah. Great.
Bro. Has is here.
-Say something to her.
-Me?
Yeah. Go on.
Say something to her.
I'm Sorry. Are you okay? So sorry.
-Wait. I'll clean you up a bit.
-Okay.
-I'm really clumsy.
-It's fine.
It's fine. I'll go to the bathroom. okay?
Okay.
Come on. There's another one upstairs.
How do you know your way
around this house so well?
It's like a maze.
Intuition.
There's the bathroom.
Maybe I can give you a hand.
I need to go.
Shall I come with you?
Oh. no. There's a line here too.
Luke. what are you doing here?
Looking for a vacant bathroom.
You guys?
-Right. I won't be long.
-No worries.
Matt!
Matt help me with Zev. he's wasted.
Matt. come on! If he pukes
on Carla's floor. she'll kill us.
I'm coming.
If you want my advice. don't do it.
You know what?
I'm a bit fed up with your advice.
You don't know me at all.
That can be fixed.
You'd better take off your shirt.
Excuse me?
Take it.
Turn around.
Thanks.
But I don't want people
to get any funny ideas.
Done.
Why do you care what they think?
We all end up
on a boulevard of broken dreams.
We should go downstairs.
I've taken my role as your musical guide
very seriously.
"Green Day. The Doors. The Who."
So nothing from this century.
I only listen to the classics.
Well. maybe I'm the one
who needs to teach you a thing or two.
Maybe.
But you have to listen to that with me.
Promise?
Of course.
I'm leaving. This party sucks.
Where are you going?
To a place you'd love.
What a great song! Right?
It doesn't ring a bell.
Carla. I love you.
-He's gonna puke in my living room.
-That's enough.
Let's see if this place you're
talking about is really that wonderful.
So. Weigel. do you trust me?
No.
Excellent.
Wait.
What is this place?
It's a secret.
Close your eyes.
It's fine. Close your eyes.
Come on.
Careful.
This way.
Stop.
Open your eyes.
Welcome to the boulevard of broken dreams.
It's beautiful.
I found it with my brother. Zach.
Look. when there's a full moon.
the light shines through that crystal
and a rainbow appears.
The last few days.
I've been wanting to show it to you.
Do you like it?
Yeah.
This was Zach's.
I'm sure your friends told you by now.
My dad went nuts one day
and wanted to throw it all away.
We fought and I brought it here.
-Are those yours?
-Yeah. they're my favorites.
I keep the rest at home.
My brother Pol brings me some from London.
How many do you have?
-I don't know. around 500.
-Exactly 500 or more?
Does that matter?
It does. You have to count them for me.
Seriously?
Very seriously.
Hey. that thing about the boulevard
of broken dreams you mentioned before…
What's that all about?
Such a lovely place
shouldn't have that name.
It's the title
of one of my favorite songs.
When a dream is shattered.
it ends up on the boulevard.
I don't understand.
You will.
when one of your dreams shatters.
Well. you've seen my list.
Most of them remain unfulfilled.
Why have them
if you don't try to fulfill them?
Says the guy who claims to have no dreams.
I started the list when I realized my mom
was never going to settle in one place.
Because of her work?
No. I think she's afraid of settling down
and reliving what happened with my dad.
He left when I was two.
and we never saw him again.
I got my odd surname from him.
and an obsession with jotting down stuff
that I'll never do.
You know what? I liked your idea.
I'll make my own list of dreams.
and you'll help me.
-To write it down?
-No. silly. to fulfill them.
And I'll help you fulfill yours.
DRIVE
WITH NO DESTINATION
"Drive with no destination."
Okay.
But first…
I can't dance.
Me neither.
Come on. I'll take you home.
Luke.
MATT
Are you home?
Yes. about to get into bed
-You really don't like it? It's the best.
-No. girl.
-Come on. we'll be late.
-What time is it?
-Hi.
-How are you?
Good. Hi.
-What's up?
-Let's go.
Come on. Let's go inside.
Luke Howland. dude.
Can we have seven tickets for Silence?
Too bad. It's full.
It can't be.
There are plenty of tickets
available online.
What's up. Weigel?
We could watch another one.
-Yeah.
-No. Silence.
We came to watch Silence.
If you didn't…
Shit. Sorry. man. it was an accident.
Hey. what's wrong?
Luke. get back here!
Looks like your son doesn't like to work.
Matt. forget it. please.
I told you. He's dangerous.
What's up. man?
-Aren't you working today?
-Hey. Pushi!
Stop it. I told you not to call me that.
My little cousin is in a bad mood today.
Are you looking for this?
No. I'll pass. I'm opening tomorrow.
Have you spoken to Olivia or Hasley?
I don't hang out with those people. okay?
Don't get your hopes up.
I'm not getting my hopes up.
I felt a connection. We talked loads!
-"Loads"?
-Yeah.
Loads.
Listen. stop fooling around
and open your mouth. okay?
When light passes through a raindrop.
each color disperses and forms a rainbow.
So next time you see a rainbow.
you'll know you're seeing pure physics.
We'll continue tomorrow.
-What's up?
-Hi.
Want to do something this afternoon?
What do you have in mind?
I can pick you up after practice
and we'll go somewhere?
-Okay.
-Perfect.
Bro. come on. let's go.
I'm coming.
Get dressed up. okay? I'll text you later.
What's up?
We've got practice.
Let's go. we're gonna be late.
Hey. Matt. everything will be closed
by the time you get here.
Five hundred and three.
What?
My vinyl records. I have 503.
Strawberry ice cream.
And popcorn?
What? It's the perfect combination.
I really like it.
Now I do too.
What are you doing here?
I can't believe it.
I didn't even notice…
Sorry.
MATT
Rain check. I'm dead tired
Want to go for a ride?
Don't do that.
I love the way you hold on to me.
So. 503. huh?
Not one more. not one less.
Why so curious?
I wanted to see if you'd reach 520.
That's pretty specific.
I know it's dumb. but…
in China. the number 520…
means "I love you."
I've always wanted to get 520 roses
to remind myself that I love myself…
and that I am enough.
I like that.
Why do you smoke that?
It makes me fly.
Let me try.
You don't mind putting a joint
in your mouth now. Weigel?
Will you let me or not?
No.
I hope you're ready for the journey
through good music.
Hey. we're already closed. okay?
But I have work to do in the back room.
so the store is all yours.
Perfect. man. Thanks.
You must love this place. right?
Music is my refuge.
Are you ready?
If I don't do it now. I'll regret it.
-Hey. Pol.
-Luke. What's up? Are you okay?
Why do you ask?
Can't I call my older brother?
This late? You?
You're one hour behind there.
Seriously. what's wrong?
I'm starting to remember
what it's like to be happy. brother.
You have to start from the beginning.
Well. let me tell you. I met a girl.
Her name's Hasley.
This one?
No.
Okay.
What are you supposed to wear
to your first DJ gig?
Yeah. It's a big deal. isn't it?
A really big deal.
I wouldn't have bet on André.
He's done well.
Oli…
how would you make a playlist?
I think it's important
that it tells a story.
And then. make sure the songs
mean something to you.
Or to Luke.
No. guys. It's not what you think.
No. we're not thinking about anything.
No.
I saw you two leave Carla's party together
and you're always looking at each other.
You could cut the tension
between you two with a knife.
I'm gonna try this on.
Yeah. but I don't know
what's going on with me.
I'm so confused.
And I know this is wrong.
and I know Luke isn't good for me and…
-I'm really lucky that Matt likes me…
-What? No. no. no.
Matt's the one who's lucky to be with you.
Not the other way around.
I mean. it's true that Luke
isn't an easy guy to deal with.
especially after his brother's accident.
You should know what you're getting into.
I think I know.
We're telling you this
because we care about you.
And we also care about him.
He used to hang out with us before.
Really?
Even though it seems impossible now.
the first person I told that I liked boys
was Luke.
But then the accident happened
and he changed.
He started going all out on drugs
and had some sort of run-in with Matt.
and that was that.
-It was shitty.
-I had no idea.
That's why you should be careful.
And make a choice
before you go any further.
This is the one.
You look incredible.
Has.
Hasley.
I'm sorry. I lost track of time and…
Practice.
What did you do?
Did you miss me? A little. right?
Let's get to class.
Hi. good morning.
Luke.
It's not that easy.
Silence.
Hey. what happened between us
was great. but…
But you're with Matt.
I'm going to dump him.
I just need to find
the right time to do it.
Do you trust me?
Weigel.
-What?
-Am I a good kisser?
Too much tongue.
Do you think he'll let me?
If you don't try.
you'll never know. cousin.
I don't know.
Go on. I'll finish up here.
Go.
Go on. Pushi. Come on.
Cousin.
I like seeing you like this.
SCREEN 1
Dad.
What?
I need to ask you a favor.
I want to stay here tonight
after the last screening.
To prepare a surprise.
You. a surprise? For who?
A girl from class.
Don't you realize
that you're not okay. son?
that if you really cared about this girl.
the decent thing to do would be
to not get involved with her?
You have no fucking clue.
The one who doesn't have a freaking clue
about anything is you. son.
You come home
high as a kite night after night.
Do you know how worried your mother gets
every time you go out?
What can you offer someone other than
problems. anguish. disappointment?
You're an asshole.
What are you doing here?
I said I'd make it up to you.
Do you forgive me?
Matt. I don't think this is working.
Has. I screwed up. okay? I know that. but…
No. it's not that. Seriously.
Yes. it is.
And you're right. but…
you're also tired. Okay?
I'm going to a tournament on Friday.
We'll talk when I get back. okay?
I have to go.
The coach is going to kill me.
Bye.
Get out of here! Go!
That fucking does it!
What the hell's wrong with you?
-Get lost. man!
-Luke. don't fuck with me.
Get lost if you don't want me
to fuck up your life too!
What are you saying?
I've been by your side my whole life!
I won't bail out on you
even if you yell at me!
You hear me?
You can't run away your whole life!
-Look how pretty.
-I like it.
GLITTER PARTY
DECEMBER 5
We'd better do it properly
so we can raise cash for the trip.
-Yeah. girl.
-Yeah.
-Hasley. what do you think?
-Look.
Let's see.
Shall we get to it?
It's nice. Where is it taking place?
Here. like every year. Where else?
She's new. She wouldn't know.
Yet look how quickly
the girl's made an impression.
Do you have a problem with me?
Who. me? No. Why?
Okay. let's all calm down.
Listen. Carla. don't worry.
I'll take care of the music.
Let me know when the tickets are ready.
-Perfect.
-Neizan and I will handle the catering…
Mom. what…
I'm sorry. I didn't…
You should have knocked. Hasley.
Sorry about earlier.
I shouldn't have barged in.
I didn't know you were seeing my mom.
Go away. Please.
I'm not going to leave you here alone.
Go away I said.
Can't you see I'm bad for you.
that I'm going to screw up your life?
I think I can decide that myself.
The closer you get.
the more I'll hurt you.
You're scared. Luke.
And I'm scared too.
I don't know what's going on with me.
What I do know is
I can't walk away from this.
Weigel. you have a perfect life
with a perfect boyfriend. and I…
My perfect boyfriend.
I want to break up with him. Luke.
I saw you two yesterday. at your house.
I don't care what you think you saw
or what other people think.
Matt isn't for me.
Luke. if you want me to leave.
you'll have to push me away yourself.
See?
You can't do it either.
What's this?
I did my homework.
"Surprise someone.
Jump off a cliff into the sea."
"Travel to Amsterdam."
"Sing without caring who's watching me."
This is really good.
You know what?
I'm not leaving here today
without seeing the moon's reflection.
Can I refuse?
I don't think you want to.
Maybe not.
Thanks.
-For what?
-For not leaving me here alone.
LIGHT FIREWORKS
PLANT A TREE
TRAVEL TO PARIS
SLEEP UNDER THE STARS
Since I can't fulfill your dream
and take you to swim with dolphins…
It's perfect.
What's this?
My interpretation of life.
a roulette wheel.
Sometimes you win. sometimes you lose.
It's cruel and fair. in its own way.
No. I think of life more like…
like a story we're improvising.
And it's full of mistakes and stuff. but…
I don't know.
you keep reading because you're hooked
and you want to know
what happens in the next chapter.
Damn. Weigel. You're such a romantic.
And you're a gambling addict.
Give me a break.
Well. this is starting
to feel like an addiction.
Luke.
I want to do things right.
I want us to stop hiding.
We're destroying ourselves
in the most beautiful way possible.
Don't you see that?
We're creating our own boulevard.
And whatever happens. I won't regret it.
-Go on. Good!
-Very good.
Shit.
Very good. kid.
Matt.
Can we talk?
Why so serious? What's wrong. baby?
Well. I meant in private.
Sure. in a minute.
Matt. just go. We're not doing anything.
Look. I'll go when I feel like it.
Are you telling me what I have to do now?
He's not telling you anything.
I'm asking you.
Are you okay?
Well…
Come on. Tell me.
Okay.
Look. I've been thinking and…
I don't think this is working.
What's not working?
Us. Matt.
I tried to make it work. but…
Enough already. Has.
I get that you're overwhelmed
with school and everything.
but I think you're being hasty.
I'm sure about this.
No. Has. You're not sure.
Do you need space? I can wait.
It'll be good for us
to take a break for a few days.
Come on!
Matt. the coach is calling us. Come on.
Bro. move it. let's go.
I'm stopping you from making
the worst mistake of your life.
You're stunning. You look like a star.
Have you seen yourself?
That dress is gorgeous.
Listen.
What?
I love you.
I love you too! Okay. ready? Let's go.
Here we go.
You're so beautiful.
-Hi.
Hi.
I thought you were gonna chicken out.
I want to get to know your world.
This isn't my world.
it's just where I hide.
We have a very special person
with us today.
She's come to DJ for the first time.
So let's give some love to Olivia!
-Relax. you're gonna crush it. okay?
-Okay. Thanks.
Come on. break a leg.
Hey…
-You were amazing.
-Yeah?
It's like you've been doing it
your whole life.
-Thanks.
-Let's go.
Hey. love birds.
Hi. I need to pee.
That was incredible!
Thanks! But I need to pee.
Would you come with me to the bathroom?
Sure.
Bye.
Did you get it?
What do you think?
Of course. but it wasn't easy.
Here.
I owe you one.
You owe me quite a few.
Bastard.
Well. I'm going that way.
I'm going that way.
I had a really good time.
Me too.
Now go dream. Weigel.
I will. Howland.
Weigel. would you like a ride?
What's this?
I'm fulfilling dreams.
-Which one?
-I'm surprising someone.
Where are we going?
Let's just drive without a destination.
Together?
Together.
The stars are so bright.
It was worth kidnapping you.
To fulfill dreams? Always.
Since I met you. I don't feel so lonely.
Sometimes I watch you and for a moment.
I feel hopeful that I can change.
But then I remember who I am.
and that I live on substances
that are destroying me.
What happened to you?
It was nighttime and it was pouring.
Zach was driving.
He would tease me all the time.
Constantly.
He called me "Pushi."
He knew I hated that nickname.
I hated it when he treated me like a kid.
But that's what I was. a fucking kid.
That day. I got fed up and I punched
him in the shoulder to make him stop.
That's all I wanted. for him to stop.
So he turned. really pissed off.
and took his eyes off the road.
Suddenly. his window lit up
and the car started skidding.
I covered my face.
and the windshield slashed my wrist.
From one moment to the next.
my brother was gone.
It was an accident.
Do you hear me?
It wasn't your fault.
Sometimes I think
everything would be better if I were dead.
Luke. look at me.
What would my life be like
if I hadn't met you?
When I'm having a shitty day
when I just want to scream and cry.
you appear and I feel invincible. I swear.
You've given meaning back
to the boulevard. Hasley.
Don't you see?
You're like
a little boulevard full of hope.
I love you.
And I love you.
If you fall in love with me tonight.
I'll be the same every day.
That wasn't half bad. Howland.
Shut up. Weigel.
Whatever happens. I'll be with you.
-Have you seen the photo?
-No.
-There she is.
-Oh. my gosh.
It's just insane.
She was having a good time. right?
A kiss… I mean… Just look.
-I don't know who would take a photo.
-I don't get it. Look. there she is.
Has.
-Hasley.
-Has.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. of course.
Whoever did this is an asshole.
-Has?
-Did what?
Has. what the fuck is this?
Matt. calm down. please.
-Matt. I tried to break up with you.
-Fuck that.
Think what you want. but you're a slut.
Let's go. Hasley.
-Is that what you prefer. Has?
-Matt.
A fucking junkie who was high as a kite
when he killed his brother.
What?
Stop!
Luke!
What are you doing?
You're gonna kill him!
Hey! Hey!
What's going on? Let me through!
What have you done?
Go away. Luke. listen to me.
You need to get out of here.
Are you okay?
Have you heard anything from him?
I wanted to tell you something. Has.
They've offered me
a permanent job at the hospital.
Congratulations. Mom.
If I take it. we could stay here.
Go on. eat something.
They're both assholes.
There she is.
Didn't I tell you?
Good morning! Okay. take your seats.
Luke.
I need to talk to you.
You're soaking wet. Let's go inside.
Right. You don't want people to see you
with the fucking school junkie. right?
Luke. stop it.
My heart only beats for you. For you!
The worst part is. I'll smile
through the pain even if you break it.
You just felt sorry for me.
No. I had hope that you could change.
I don't need your fucking help!
Did you think about how things would be
if none of this had happened?
Look at her. There she is.
Let's go.
My goodness. I hope she's happy now.
-Hi.
-How are you?
See you later.
Hey. How's it going?
Great.
You're going to fuck up your reputation.
Hasley. you can't live your life
worrying about what people say.
Fuck them. Life's not about that.
We all make mistakes. So what?
Learn from them
and try not to repeat them.
And you could tell me
to fuck off like everyone else.
but…
if you want my opinion.
I think you need to talk to Luke.
I'll pass.
His life is a mess. but Luke's a good guy.
There's nothing I can do for him.
That's up to you then.
But whatever you decide to do.
it should come from your heart.
And if you change your mind later on.
that's okay too.
Okay?
My mom often says
that only rain. hail.
and lightning fall from the sky.
Everything else has to be earned.
What did you do to Howland
that he almost kicked the bucket?
Haven't you heard?
Shit. Has. is that how you
look after your boyfriends?
What are you talking about?
It's better if he tells you himself
before he OD's again.
I finally see who you are. Matt.
You're not mad
because I left you for someone else.
You're mad because he's
a thousand times better than you.
Pol?
Relax. Luke. Don't exert yourself.
When did you get here?
Yesterday. You were lucky.
And this too.
I want you to come with me.
To London?
To a rehab clinic.
You're joking.
No. kiddo. It's for your own good.
No. I'm not going.
You must go. Luke.
-I know I have no right to ask this…
-No. you don't.
You must go for your mom.
for that girl. for yourself.
What the hell do you know?
Don't you dare mention her.
I shouldn't have said what I said when you
asked me to let you stay at the theater.
I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
You want me to disappear from your lives.
You wish I had died instead of Zach.
I wish neither of you had been there.
I wish I had been driving that night.
I wish that car had hit me.
Don't keep ruining your life. Go with Pol.
Don't give up. son.
Hasley.
-I'm sorry. I shouldn't have…
-No. That's not necessary. Luke.
Yes. it is. I'm really sorry.
I screwed everything up.
What matters is that
nothing serious happened to you.
Guess what? We're staying.
Really?
It seems we're not going to move anymore.
I'm going to London.
To London?
I'm going to try to get clean
and I need to get away from all of this.
You'll get through this.
We'll get through this.
I'll be waiting for you. Luke.
No. I don't want you to wait for me.
If you meet someone and you think
he's worth it. take a chance.
I'm being serious.
You deserve to be happy.
So do you. Howland.
Shut up. Weigel.
Why are you smiling?
You've told me "Shut up. Weigel"
more times than "I love you."
That's because "Shut up. Weigel"
is my way of saying "I love you."
I hate you.
Shut up. Weigel.
It's beautiful.
It's the continuation
of our dreams. Weigel.
No. It's the continuation
of our boulevard.
So there's no way
you can make it to the party.
No way. man. Are you going?
Yeah. bro. Free drinks sound awesome.
Besides. Oli's DJing.
Oli?
So. you guys are an item.
Until the end of time. dude.
This guy's totally smitten.
You both are. What a pair you are.
We're the worst.
The fucking worst.
We're going to miss you. little cousin.
Take care of Hasley.
I get the feeling
she doesn't need to be taken care of.
But you can count on your favorite cousin.
-Come here.
-What?
-Hey. I want some too.
-You're so jealous.
Give me some love.
I love you guys.
-Thanks.
-Nah.
Shit. I'm sorry.
Luke. shut up.
Cheer up. It's for the best.
-Hi.
-You look gorgeous.
-You look handsome too.
-I know. right?
Hey.
Quite a trio. huh?
They took it at the campsite
by the forest. remember?
Yeah. Zach and I built a cabin.
Dad always scolded us for going
into the woods without permission.
Even though years have passed.
it still hurts.
Shall we toast?
You're an asshole.
Bro. look at her.
Thanks.
Come here.
A gift.
Number 520.
-What?
-Sorry. See you at the airport.
What are you talking about? Luke!
Luke!
-Oli!
-Carla!
Stop! Shit. Matt!
What the fuck are you doing?
Don't you know
what loyalty to your friends means?
What are you talking about?
We're just dancing.
Yeah.
With the slut who cheated on me.
Don't insult me again.
Has.
Hey. Come on now. Do you want
to get beaten up again or what?
Move. idiot.
Matt! Hey. stop!
Now you're leaving. Has?
-Bro! Enough. leave it!
-Matt.
Has. I'm talking to you.
-Has.
-Matt. stop it. okay?
Why don't you leave her alone. damn it?
He's been cheating on you
with me from the start.
I took that photo. I'm sorry.
What the hell are you saying?
I was an idiot to believe your lies.
thinking one day
you would treat me the way I deserve.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know how to tell you.
What are you saying?
-I'm saying I'm fed up. Fuck off!
-Nobody tells me to fuck off!
Matt! What are you doing? Are you crazy?
What are you doing. man?
-Carla. are you okay?
-You've gone too far.
-Hey. calm down.
-What do you want?
-Get off the road.
-Calm down.
-And you. stop this shit. Please.
Get off the road!
Hey. careful with Hasley!
Luke!
Hi. Weigel. Have I told you
how much I love saying your name?
When you read this letter.
I'll be in London freezing my butt off.
Just know that I'm leaving for you.
I want to be someone better for you.
It's okay.
I'm ready to have a future by your side.
But first. I need to get clean.
It's okay. sweetie.
Even if it hurts. and it won't be easy.
I'm gonna get better. for me and for you.
Before I met you.
it felt like everything was against me.
like the world had defeated me.
And then you showed up.
Remember the first time we saw each other?
We ran into each other
at the school entrance.
LUKE HOWLAND
06-15-2006 - 12-05-2025
I looked into your eyes
and gave you my heart.
ALWAYS IN OUR HEARTS.
YOUR LIGHT LIVES ON IN US.
Remember the first time we kissed?
I wanted to die. That night.
I was the happiest person in the world.
Remember when you taught me to dream?
I was about to fall.
but you didn't let go of my hand.
I love you and I always will
until you stop remembering me.
Until I turn to dust
and my soul ceases to exist.
Because my dream will only be fulfilled
if you are in it.
So I'm asking you
to take care of yourself while I'm away.
Because if you call me crying one night.
I swear I'll go crazy
and take the first flight to come hug you.
I know you can do it. You're strong.
And please take care of the boulevard
in my absence. okay?
I love you. Hasley Weigel. No matter
the distance or the time that separate us.
I will always love you.
In this life and a thousand more.
That toothpaste stain was your way
of flirting. wasn't it. Weigel?
Because it worked.
Take care and don't miss me too much.
I'm always yours. Luke.
Like a feather the wind no longer stirs
Like a vinyl record that no longer spins
Like a half-finished tattoo
You only exist on our boulevard
And today I dressed in black
And your necklace hangs around my neck
And I miss you so much
That even the lights are singing
I no longer dance
Since I don't dance with you
I sleep better
If you're in my dreams
The light is off
Your face. my face
It's impossible that there is anything
Greater than you
I no longer sing
If I don't sing our song
The world is smaller
If we're not both here
The light is off
Your face. my face
It's impossible that there is anything
Greater than you
WELCOME TO
THE STUDENT PORTAL
YOU'VE BEEN ADMITTED
TO THE FINE ARTS PROGRAM
-Oh. my girl!
-That's amazing!
I knew it!
And I've changed my hair
So I can sleep better
And my body forgets
For a day who I am
But I can't do it. I don't get it
I don't know who I am if I'm not with you
I search every record for a clue
That you're hidden in a corner
Of that damned boulevard
But I can't do it. I don't get it
I don't recognize this place
And today I dressed in black
And your necklace hangs around my neck
And I miss you so much
I no longer dance
Since I don't dance with you
I sleep better
If you're in my dreams
The light is off
Your face. my face
It's impossible that there is anything
Greater than you
I no longer sing
If I don't sing our song
The world is smaller
If we're not both here
The light is off
Your face. my face
It's impossible that there is anything
Greater than you
And everything sounds like you
Sounds like you
I miss you so much
That even the lights are singing
And they sound like you
Translated by Courtney Keeling Greenlaw